C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.exe
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTest.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.Interface.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.AdapterUtilities.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.deps.json
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.pdb
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.pdb
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTest.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.Interface.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.AdapterUtilities.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.deps.json
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.pdb
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.pdb
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\teste_calculadora_mstest.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\smfon\OneDrive\Documentos\Tecnologia\SENAI\Testes Back-End\Teste Calculadora\Teste_Exemplo_1\teste_calculadora_mstest\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\teste_calculadora_mstest.dll
